[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Meow, meow!
Hi. I'm learning how to speak kitty-cat.
These cards can help teach us
how to say words in cat language.
This one says, "Hello."
"Meow, meow." [chuckles]
And this one tells us how to say,
"It's time to eat."
"Meow." [chuckles]
[gasps] Ooh! That reminds me,
it's time to feed Floyd. Come on.
Let's tell Floyd
it's time to eat together. Say it with me.
"Meow."
[Floyd purring]
It worked! Good job.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
Hey, you know what that sound means.
It's a Dollhouse Delivery! Come on.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
All right, let's see what we have
in our Meow Meow Mailbox today.
[gasps] Whoa!
Look at this!
It's a little school bus!
See? There's wheels and the windows.
And it even has a little stop sign
for the nose.
OK, let's see what's inside.
Oh!
[gasps] It's a little kitty backpack!
With the tiny little pink ears
and the straps.
[gasps] Whoa!
And the little pocket with the polka dots,
and the cute little kitty face.
Let's see if the zipper works.
Do you work? And what's inside of you?
Hmm. Let's see.
The zipper works.
It's a list!
There's music time, story time,
playtime, lunchtime... [gasps]
Wait a minute.
These are all things you do in school.
[gasps] I know what this means!
We're going to play school
in the Dollhouse today!
And not just any school.
Kitty School!
Come on, let's go.
I love learning new things,
especially new kitty things.
Let's see where we're going to first.
What's first on our schedule?
Music time.
To the music room!
All right.
Time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Whee!
Hey, off to Kitty School we go!
OK, first things first,
we have to find Pandy.
Help me look for him.
Oh, Pandy Paws!
Hug attack!
Whoa!
Hi, Pandy.
OK, cats and kittens.
[sofa chimes]
Who's ready for Kitty School?
We can't wait!
DJ Catnip! Are you our music teacher?
You know it!
Wiggly-wiggly-wig!
All right, everybody gather around.
It's music time!
Now, let me make sure everyone's here.
In Kitty School, when I say your name,
you say, "Meow, meow!"
Gabby?
Meow, meow!
-Pandy?
-Meow, meow!
Now, how about you?
Are you here and ready for music time?
Let me hear you say, "Meow, meow!"
[fanfare]
Awesome!
CatRat?
Uh-oh. CatRat's late for class.
-CatRat?
-[CatRat] I'm here, I'm here!
[panting] Keep your ears on.
Hey, CatRat.
CatRat?
Meow, meow!
Let's get this show on the road.
All right, kitties,
today we're going to sing
one of my all-time favorite kitty tunes,
"All the Little Kitties."
I love this song!
-[strums chord]
-Cat-tastic! Now, hang on.
-Let me get this beat pumping.
-[decks whirring]
It goes a little something like this.
♪ All the little kitties go meow
Meow, meow, meow ♪
Meow, meow ♪
Meow with us!
♪ All the little kitties go meow
Meow, meow, meow ♪
Meow, meow ♪
Yeah!
Now, this time,
we're gonna pounce, like this.
Pounce, pounce.
Pounce with us!
♪ All the little kitties go pounce
Pounce, pounce, pounce ♪
Pounce, pounce ♪
Whoo!
This time, all the little kitties go lick,
lick, lick!
Like this. Lick, lick.
Lick with us.
♪ All the little kitties go lick
Lick, lick, lick ♪
Lick, lick ♪
[strumming]
Whoo! Way to take us home, Gabby!
I can tell you've been practicing
your ukulele.
-Wahoo!
-Yeah, that was awesome.
Gabby, let me see that class schedule.
You kittens totally rocked music time,
and in Kitty School,
every time you finish a class,
you get a sticker.
Ooh! I love stickers.
Especially kitty stickers.
OK, let's see.
We had music time,
so what time do we have next?
Story time!
Great singing today, class.
Thanks, DJ Catnip.
Anytime, kitty-cats.
-[horn honks]
-Ooh!
-That must be the Cat-A-Vator Bus.
-[horn toots]
Bye, DJ Catnip!
Come on!
Cat-A-Vator, to the bedroom!
♪ All the little kitties go meow
Meow, meow, meow ♪
Meow, meow ♪
Hey, class. You ready for story time?
We sure are.
This one's a classic.
The Three Little Pigs.
We can't wait to read it.
[laughs] Well, in Kitty School,
we don't just read stories,
we play them!
[rummaging]
[snorts] Who wants to be
a little piggy with me?
Ooh! I do!
Me! Me!
-[Gabby snorts]
-[Pandy snorts]
[all snort]
Wait, if you guys are
The Three Little Pigs,
who am I gonna play?
You can be the Big Bad Wolf.
You want me to play the grumpy guy
who's always knocking down
the pigs' houses?
-Well, if you don't want to, CatRat...
-Are you kidding me?
I love that guy! Yes!
You know what? We should put our own
Dollhouse twist on The Three Little Pigs.
I have an idea.
[musical knocking]
Hi, Dress-Up Closet. May I come in?
[zipper fastening]
I'm Astronaut Pig!
-[Gabby snorts and chuckles]
-Ooh! My turn!
Coming through.
[rummaging]
Ta-da! It's Basketball Pig.
[Pandy snorts]
Let me see what I can be.
I'm coming in!
[rummaging]
I'm Chef Pig.
Pancakes are my specialty. [snorts]
Ooh! My turn! My turn!
Time for me to get my Big Bad Wolf on.
[rummaging]
Hey, there's no wolf costume in here.
Oh, that's OK, CatRat. Just roll with it.
OK...
-What's this?
-[squeaking]
Oh, well, that won't work.
This is ridiculous!
-[rummaging]
-Well, I'll just roll with it.
Ha-ha! It's me, the Big Bad Chicken!
I'm gonna bawk and bawk,
and peck your house in!
Bawk! Bawk! Bawk!
Peck! Peck! Peck!
-The Big Bad Chicken!
-That's great, CatRat.
Come on, let's all coodle up!
Today we'll be playing
The Three Little Pigs.
Ooh! You're gonna love this part.
Close the rainbow curtains!
Let's go up into the story clouds!
"Once upon a time,
there were Three Little Pigs.
Basketball Pig,
Chef Pig,
and Astronaut Pig.
Now, The Three Little Pigs were minding
their own piggy business,
when, all of a sudden, they heard..."
[CatRat] Bawk! Bawk! Bawk!
[gasps] That sounds like
the Big Bad Chicken.
He's coming this way!
Quick! We'd better build a house
so we can hide.
[Pillow Cat] "So Basketball Pig decided
to build a house out of..."
Basketballs.
Catch!
Behind-the-back move!
[Pandy grunts]
-We did it!
-Wahoo!
[CatRat] Bawk! Bawk!
Quick, let's get inside!
Bawk! Bawk! Bawk!
Little pigs, little pigs,
let me come in. Bawk!
Not by the hair on our chinny,
chin, chins!
Say it with us.
[little pigs] Not by the hair
on our chinny, chin, chins!
Then I'll bawk and I'll bawk,
and I'll peck your house in!
[Pillow Cat] "The Big Bad Chicken
pecked the basketball house right down!"
Let's get out of here!
Oh, rats!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Aww...
[Pillow Cat]
"The Three Little Pigs needed a new house,
so Chef Pig started to build a house
out of... pancakes!
Chef Pig began flipping pancakes."
Here, catch!
Got them! All right!
Oh! We can stick these together
with a little butter for the mortar.
[Pillow Cat chuckles]
[Pillow Cat grunts]
Voilà! It's done!
-[CatRat] Bawk! Bawk!
-[gasps] The Big Bad Chicken!
Bawk! Bawk! Bawk!
Little pigs, little pigs, let me come in.
Say it with us.
[little pigs] Not by the hair
on our chinny, chin, chins!
Then I'll bawk and I'll bawk,
and I'll peck your house in!
[Pillow Cat] "The Big Bad Chicken
pecked the pancake house right down!"
Let's get out of here!
[Pillow Cat]
"So The Three Little Pigs ran away."
And the Big Bad Chicken had a tummy ache.
[groans] Oh, I'm so full.
[Pillow Cat] "So Astronaut Pig decided
to build a house out of..."
Moon rocks!
[CatRat] Bawk! Bawk! Bawk!
Let's get inside.
Little pigs, little pigs, let me come in.
You know what we say.
[little pigs] Not by the hair
on our chinny, chin, chins!
All right.
Then I'll bawk and I'll bawk,
and I'll peck your house in!
Bawk! Bawk!
Oh, I give up!
I promise I won't bawk or bawk
or peck your house in any more.
Aww. Poor CatRat.
He did a great job being
the Big Bad Chicken.
I think he deserves a little space treat.
Hold on a minute.
[Pillow Cat] "So, The Three Little Pigs
brought the Big Bad Chicken a space pop."
Why, thank you! Mm.
Peck. Peck, peck.
[chuckles] Delicious!
[Pillow Cat] "And they all lived
happily ever after. The end."
-Yeah!
-Wahoo!
Yeah! [giggles]
Thanks, Pillow Cat.
That was a cat-tastic story.
Thank you
for playing little piggies with me.
[snorts and laughs]
Oh, and CatRat,
you were the best Big Bad Chicken
I've ever seen.
Thanks!
I think he's my new favorite character.
Bawk! Bawk!
You guys definitely deserve a sticker
for that story time.
So, we finished story time.
Let's see what's next.
A ball and a whistle.
[gasps] It must be playtime!
Playtime in the playroom!
Carlita, here we come!
-[horn honks]
-Oh! There's the Cat-A-Vator Bus.
Bye, Pillow Cat.
Bye!
[horn toots]
To the playroom!
Maybe we'll get to use our kitty pouncing
skills in the playroom. [chuckles]
♪ All the little kitties go pounce
Pounce, pounce, pounce ♪
Pounce, pounce ♪
[Carlita revs]
Hey, little kitties.
Hey, Carlita, fender bump!
[horn toots]
We're ready for playtime.
-What are we playing today?
-I don't know. I'm not the coach.
Well, if you're not the coach,
then who is?
[whistle blows]
I am!
Coach CatRat here! Achaa!
All right, class, line up.
We're gonna play
every kitty's favorite game,
follow the kitty light!
Kitty light!
I'm gonna get it!
Come here, you!
[grunts] I caught it!
-[CatRat chuckles]
-Aww...
Follow the kitty light
is a little like tag
and a little like hide-and-seek.
I'll hide, then you have to find
the kitty light and follow it.
If you keep following the light,
you'll find... me!
[whistle blows]
Toodles!
Let's go find that light!
OK. Do you see the kitty light?
It's on the rock wall.
Beep, beep! Hop in.
Look.
There's the kitty light.
Let's get climbing.
[all grunting]
-[Pandy] Ouch!
-Oops! Sorry, Pandy.
-It's OK. I'm filled with stuffing.
-[Gabby giggles]
[all grunting]
[panting] I think I can reach it.
Go for it, Carlita!
[grunts] Got it!
Vanishing valves! It's gone!
Let's look again.
Where do you see the kitty light?
Over there,
at the end of the rope bridge. Let's go!
-[Gabby] Whoa!
-[Carlita] So cool!
-[Gabby] It's bouncy!
-[Carlita] Wow!
Vroom! We got this!
I'll handle this.
Gotcha!
Hey!
CatRat.
We've got to follow that light.
Where did the kitty light go this time?
The ball pool!
Yes!
[Carlita] Beep, beep!
I love ball pools.
Cannonball!
Pandy-ball!
Carlita-ball!
[Gabby laughs]
I'll get it!
-[ball squeaks]
-Huh?
Pandy, it's on your head!
[Pandy grunts]
Aww...
I'll catch you this time, kitty light.
[balls squeaking]
[gasps] I got something!
CatRat!
You did it!
You found Coach CatRat!
[others] Wahoo!
That was so much fun!
CatRat, we found you!
You sure did.
And you earned a sticker!
[Gabby] Nice!
OK, kitties, what's the last time
on our schedule?
Lunchtime!
Yes! Lunchtime is my favorite time of day.
[horn honks]
The Cat-A-Vator Bus is here.
[Carlita] Beep-beep! Vroom!
Since we're on our way to lunch,
I think it's time
for all the kitties to go...
♪ Lick, lick, lick, lick ♪
Sing it with us.
♪ All the little kitties go lick
Lick, lick, lick ♪
Lick, lick ♪
[tummy rumbles]
Whoa, tummy! Do you want some food?
I think she does.
Well, perfect timing, tummy.
Kitty lunch is ready!
Yay!
What's for lunch?
I made something special today
for you, class.
Kitty pizzas!
-I love kitty pizzas!
-[CatRat] Oh!
Those look delicious, Cakey.
-Thanks!
-How did you make them?
[Cakey] First,
I made the dough into a kitty head,
then added sauce and fresh cheese.
[Gabby]
Are those black olives for the eyes?
[Cakey] Uh-huh. And fresh spinach
for the inside of the ears.
Red peppers for the whiskers,
nose and mouth.
[Gabby] It looks so cute, and delicious!
[horn honks]
Hey, we heard it was lunchtime.
Yep! There's some for everyone.
-Yummy!
-Yay!
Yummy, yummy, lunchtime!
And since this is Kitty School,
everybody gets a saucer of milk
with their pizza.
♪ All the little kitties go... ♪
[rhythmic slurping]
♪ All the little kitties go ♪
Good eating, kittens. Here's your sticker.
We did it! We got all our stickers!
[all cheering]
-Yay!
-Yeah!
What a great day at Kitty School.
Thanks for playing with us.
You're such a cute little kitty.
Oh! Are you ready for another surprise?
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me, DJ Catnip!
[records scratching]
♪ Welcome to the music room
I've been expecting you ♪
♪ Expecting you ♪
♪ Gabby said you were looking
For a brand-new groove ♪
♪ You're in the right place
Take a look around ♪
♪ I'm gonna help you find your sound ♪
♪ This tuba, shaking the rooma
Gets the party going real quick ♪
♪ A kitty-ditty machine and a music tree
Full of my favorite tricks ♪
♪ I got a xylo-sofa, I got to show you
What happens when I give it a push ♪
♪ Here's the catch, kitty-cat ♪
♪ You play it with your tush ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Gonna help you find your ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I'm gonna remind you ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ When the music in you is unstoppable ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Have you heard the news?
We found the groove ♪
♪ And now, with the music in you
There's nothing we can't do ♪
♪ This paw bump, making the room thump
Makes them all jump and dance ♪
♪ With the music in you
You can light up a room ♪
♪ Got the power in your paws and hands ♪
♪ You can bang on a drum, clap, strum
Or whistle your very own tune ♪
♪ Just turn the music up loud
It's the only thing to do ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Gonna help you find your ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ And I'm gonna remind you ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ When the music in you is unstoppable ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ Gonna help you find the groove ♪
♪ In everything that you do ♪
♪ Because when you find your groove ♪
♪ It brings out the music in you ♪
Hey, look!
♪ Floyd's found his groove ♪
[chuckles]
I had so much fun learning
how to be a cat with you today.
Meow, meow, meow! Bye!
[Floyd purring]